# Data-Integrity-in-a-Network
Data integrity is the foundation of decision confidence. However the method of identifying the location and time of a data integrity compromise has not kept up with technological advances. Cyber Warfare has emerged as one of the most common battlefields in today's military operations and a physical attack on the homeland is almost always preceded by a cyber attack. Malactors often alter data as it is in-transit which changes the operator’s perception of the real world, such as manipulating radar data to indicate an inbound threat. A recent IBM study found that it takes over 200 days to discover a data breach and another 70 days to resolve the issue. A significant portion of that time is spent on searching network devices to locate the compromised asset. In a military and defense setting with hundreds, if not thousands, of network devices dedicated to mission oversight, the time it takes to locate a compromised asset erodes decision confidence and can jeopardize the safety of the mission. 
    
The Project Boreas team has outlined a solution aimed at the core of this issue, validating the integrity of a data packet, at each device hop, as it traverses a network. The solution consists of incorporating a referential database built on the blockchain. As the data goes through the network, the solution verifies the data at each node using TLS and a proof-of-ownership consensus algorithm. The hash of the data packet and digital signature is added to the blockchain referential database and that information is used for comparison with the final big data platform. If the hash values do not match, the solution creates an alert that indicates the data integrity has been compromised which also includes the exact device location and time where the compromise occurred. The alerts can be customized to include descriptive information about the device such as which missions and sub-missions to which the device is related.

Additionally, the solution has the capability for enhanced cyber forensics. As the data packet passes through each device, a copy of the packet is created and can be stored in the referential database. By using this approach, we are able to store the corrupted data packets whereas using a pure blockchain approach would entail that the corrupted data is not accepted into the blockchain and is lost. Utilizing blockchain also means that the referential database does not have a single point of failure. The solution that Project Boreas has outlined will provide faster response times to alert and locate compromised devices and has capabilities for enhanced cyber forensics. 


# Solution Architecture Diagram

https://github.com/shilpajoshy19/Data-Integrity-in-a-Network/blob/master/Solution_architecture_diagram.jpg
